JeeTS Persistence Unit for Traccar ERM
=
This project provides JPA access and represents the 'driver' to access a database 
generated by Traccar GTS. The project is versioned after the Traccar releases.
Note that not every Traccar version increment implies an ERM modification.
The Entity Relation Model also standardizes all higher level JeeTS components.
The JeeTS repo was designed after the Traccar ERM with the intention 
to add or replace other ERMs according to existing production ERMs.  

The jeets-pu-gtfs is one example to use with the JeeTS framwork and 
you can add your own starting with a copy of this project, refactor,
test and then modify the Entities to your system.
Both jeets-model database projects can be seen as a starting point
for your own productive business ERM.

Standardization
-
While the Traccar ERM is implementing data access without JPA
this project is providing a JEE specified JPA 2.1 persistence unit.
The Entities were modeled from an existing Traccar database and
can be used in conjunction with a productive Traccar GTS.
All Entities of the Traccar ERM form the jeets-pu-traccar ORM.

Explicit tests between ERM and ORM are mandatory to run JeeTS components
against a running production system, i.e. Traccar GTS 
to avoid Object-relational impedance mismatches!

The jeets-models are fundamental to all higher level components and should be
checked and counter checked for usages in JeeTS components. For the time
being JNDI and AppServer, i.e. Arquillian Tests are not executed in this
project in order to keep it database oriented.


Testing
-
WARNING!  
Do *not* apply these tests to production database as it will be modified, of even dropped!

This project provides a Test Framework to assure the compatibility 
of the Traccar ERM with the jeets-pu-traccar ORM.
The EntityManagerSchema class can be applied to create database
or create- and drop scripts for each ORM (version) change.
It can also be used for interactive cyclic testing ORM to database
to database scripts to another database ...

By default 
These scripts are *not* created during run- or compile time as part of the 'mvn test' runs. 
The class should be manually applied, ONLY if the ORM is changed, i.e. after version increments. 
You can generate the sql create and drop scripts needed to the regular test cycle.

The 'mvn test' cycle will run the setup and tear down scripts via sql-maven-plugin
to conserve static scripts as an implicit regression test - in case of changes.

If you plan to setup your own ORM for JeeTS note that the 'JPA test framework'
is configured in the parent pom and you can start your project by basically
copying this traccar project, search and replace naming and do a test run
before you start replacing the persistence unit for your purposes.

DBUnit tests
-
Note that DBUnit requires an existing database with a valid schema.
The EntityManagerSchema class can be used to interactively setup the database
before you re/run the DBUnit tests to reveal regression problems.

DBUnit does not create databases, 
but helps to populate and clean a database for every testrun.


